README.md, before:

# feup-bdnr

## Project setup
Here are the full steps to get the project up and running:
1. Navigate to the **src/** folder.
2. Run the **server.sh** script. **NOTE:** if you're running the project in Windows, run ```bash server.sh``` and, in case you're in a UNIX based OS, simply run ```./server.sh```. If the script fails to run on Linux, try adding the execution permission by running ```chmod +x server.sh``` and ```chmod +x configure.sh``` on the **couchbase-custom/** directory as well. If it still doesn't execute correctly, try running it with Admin permissions.
3. Open your browser and go to **localhost:8091** and login with the default credentials.

**Note:** you can also already generate some data by going to the **data/** directory and running the **generate.py** Python script. However, keep in mind that, for the moment, you can neither pass the data into the server, nor this is the final version of the used data. To run the script, you should also install the **Faker** package by running ```pip install faker``` on your terminal.

Commit message:

Updated files, scripts and README

README.md, after:

# feup-bdnr

## Project setup

Here are the full steps to get the project up and running:

1. Navigate to the [src](src/) folder.
2. Run the `server.sh` script.

   **NOTE:** if you're running the project in Windows, run `bash server.sh` and, in case you're in a UNIX based OS, simply run `./server.sh`.

   If the script fails to run on Linux, try adding the execution permission by running `chmod +x server.sh` and `chmod +x configure.sh` on the [couchbase-custom](src/couchbase-custom/) directory as well. If it still doesn't execute correctly, try running it with Admin permissions.

3. Open your browser and go to [localhost:8091](http://localhost:8091) and login with the default credentials.

   - **username**: Administrator
   - **password**: password

**Note:** First, before running any Python scripts, make sure you install the required packages by running in the [src](src/) directory:

```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

Then, you can also already generate some data by going to the [data](src/data/) directory and running the `generate.py` Python script. However, keep in mind that, for the moment, you can neither pass the data into the server, nor this is the final version of the used data.
